style-guide: update page (#12304)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

## Option syntax

> - For commonly/frequently used commands (e.g. `grep`, `tar`, `etc`), we prefer using short options along with[mnemonics](#short-option-mnemonics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For commonly/frequently used commands (e.g. `grep`, `tar`, `etc`), we prefer using short options along with [mnemonics](#short-option-mnemonics).
```

> - For commonly/frequently used commands (e.g. `grep`, `tar`, `etc`), we prefer using short options along with [mnemonics](#short-option-mnemonics).

Reviewer 2: This sounds like the `{{-short|--long}}` syntax is not allowed on frequently used pages. Do we want to disallow it?

Author: Nope, I will reword this to use wording instead.

> - For highlighting, both long and short options combine them within a placeholder i.e. `-{{o|-output}}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For highlighting both long and short options, combine them within a placeholder i.e. `-{{o|-output}}`.
```

> - For highlighting both long and short options, combine them within a placeholder i.e. `-{{o|-output}}`.

Reviewer 2: If we put the first hyphen outside, that kind of implies the long option is `---output` (3 hyphens).
```suggestion
- For highlighting both long and short options, combine them within a placeholder i.e. `{{-o|-output}}`.
```

Reviewer: Actually no, because there is one inside and one outside, which makes it 2 hypens

Reviewer 2: Oh, I don't know what I was thinking.

How about this then?
```suggestion
- For highlighting both long and short options, combine them within a placeholder i.e. `{{-o|--output}}`.
```

One hyphen outside looks kind of ambiguous in a client at first glance.
![screenshot](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/assets/126529524/a421fef4-4b81-4b6c-bf7f-309ba71aa29d)

> - Use **GNU-style long options** (like `--help` rather than `-h`) when they are cross-platform compatible (intended to work the same across multiple platforms) for pages in `common` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For user-friendliness, use **GNU-style long options** (like `--help` rather than `-h`) when they are cross-platform compatible (intended to work the same across multiple platforms) for pages in `common` directory.
```
I think it's good to leave this documented.

- For user-friendliness, use **GNU-style long options** (like `--help` rather than `-h`) when they are cross-platform compatible (intended to work the same across multiple platforms) for pages in `common` directory.
- When documenting PowerShell commands, use **PowerShell-style long options** (like `-Help` instead of `-H`).
- When long options aren't available for a command, use **short options** instead.
- While we prefer long options, we allow special cases in commands like `pacman` where short options are widely used and preferred over the long options (for cases like these decisions will be made by the maintainers on a case-by-case basis).
- We prefer using a space instead of the equals sign (`=`) to separate options from their arguments (i.e. use `--opt arg` instead of `--opt=arg`) unless the program does not support it.

> > [!NOTE]  

Reviewer 3: why is this being deleted.

Author: I initially added this to highlight using long options and short option mnemonic. This point is being replaced by the first and second which explains this much concisely.

- Extensions, e.g. `.dll`.
- Commands, e.g. `ls`.
- Standard streams: `stdout`, `stdin`, `stderr`. **Do not** use the full names (e.g. standard output).
- Compression algorithms, e.g. `zip`, `7z`, `xz`.

## Descriptions

- Avoid using the page title in the description (e.g. use `A sketching and painting program designed for digital artists` instead of `Krita is a sketching and painting program designed for digital artists`) unless the program name differs from the executable name (e.g. `rg` and Ripgrep).
- Avoid mentioning that the program is used on the command-line (e.g. use `Ripgrep is a recursive line-oriented search tool` instead of `Ripgrep is a recursive line-oriented CLI search tool`).
- Brand and project names can be capitalized in the description whenever applicable (e.g. use `A tool for interacting with a Git repository.` instead of ``A tool for interacting with a `git` repository.``).
- Acronym expansions (i.e. protocols, tools, etc) must not be translated unless there is a recognized native equivalent for them.

> - When documenting keycaps or a keyboard shortcut for a utility it is suggested to wrap them in backticks to make them stand out in the description (i.e. ``Print the last lines of a given file and keep reading the file until `Ctrl + C`:``). Alternatively, you can document them as a separate command and optionally highlight them as placeholders (i.e. `:wq{{Enter}}` or `:wq<Enter>` or `:wq(Enter)`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When documenting keycaps or a keyboard shortcut for a utility it is suggested to wrap them in backticks to make them stand out in the description (i.e. ``Print the last lines of a given file and keep reading it until `Ctrl + C`:``). Alternatively, you can document them as a separate command and optionally highlight them as placeholders (i.e. `:wq{{Enter}}` or `:wq<Enter>` or `:wq(Enter)`).
```

- Commands, e.g. `ls`.

> - Standard streams: `stdout`, `stdin`, `stderr`. **Do not** use the full names (e.g. standard output).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Standard streams: `stdout`, `stdin`, `stderr`. **Do not** use the full names (e.g. standard output).
- Compression algorithms, e.g. `zip`, `7z`, `xz`.
```
This is a common case for backticks

> - Optionally, Mnemonics and their enclosed terms can be separated with brackets from the rest of the description (i.e. `([a]ll)`) in translations and specific pages to provide additional context or mention a word not present in the description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optionally, mnemonics and their enclosed terms can be separated with brackets from the rest of the description (i.e. `([a]ll)`) in translations and specific pages to provide additional context or mention a word not present in the description.
```
I think it would be easier to find this if it was on the mnemonics section

## Help and version commands

> - We generally place the help and version commands at the **last part of the page** to highlight more practical commands at the beginning of the page. They can be replaced to accommodate other useful examples if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We generally put, **in this order**, the help and version commands as the **last two** examples of the page to highlight more practical commands at the beginning of the page. They can be replaced to accommodate other useful examples if required.
```
